Product Type (Switch Gear, Capacitor, Resistor, etc.)
Date of Manufacture: The date when the product was completed and ready for testing or sale.


Product ID (10-digit)
Product Name
Product Type (Switch Gear, Capacitor, Resistor, etc.)
Date of Manufacture (testing date)
Product Category (e.g., Power Components, Control Devices)
Product Description


 Product ID (pre-filled or selected)
 Test Type (dropdown or input)
 Test Criteria (input field)
 Test Result (Pass/Fail dropdown or radio button)
 Remarks (optional)
  Start Date 
  End Date
 Submit Button to save the test.


Additional Suggestions:
To ensure further alignment:

Add Test Status: Since the SRS emphasizes checking the status of testing (whether a product is pending, in progress, or completed), you could add a Test Status field to reflect the test's current state.
Tester Information: You may also want to capture the name(s) of the tester(s), as specified in the SRS, to maintain a record of who performed the test.
<option value="">-- Select Test Type --</option>
        <option value="Safety Test">Safety Test</option>
        <option value="Performance Test">Performance Test</option>
        <option value="Quality Test">Quality Test</option>
        <option value="Durability Test">Durability Test</option>
        <option value="Functionality Test">Functionality Test</option>

2. Tests Table
This table stores all the details about the tests conducted on each product.

Column Name	Data Type	Description
id	Integer (Primary Key, Auto Increment)	Unique identifier for each test.
product_id	Integer (Foreign Key, References Products.id)	Links the test to a specific product.
test_type	String	Describes the type of test conducted (e.g., safety test, performance test, etc.).
test_criteria	String	The specific criteria or condition used for testing (e.g., voltage level, temperature, etc.).
test_result	String (pass/fail)	The result of the test (pass or fail).
remarks	Text	Optional field for capturing detailed comments or observations about the test.
created_at	Timestamp	The date and time when the test was created.
updated_at	Timestamp	The date and time when the test record was last updated.




testing k lei kitne product gai h (Total Testing product)
kitne product test me successfull howe (Testing (Pass,Fail))
    
   





Memory updated
Here is a detailed description of the admin dashboard table columns and functionality for your SRS Electrical Appliances project, covering both the product and testing data:

Admin Dashboard Table Columns
1. Product Table
Product ID (10-digit): A unique identifier for each product, generated based on product code, revision, and manufacturing number.
Product Name: The name of the product (e.g., Switch Gear, Capacitor).
Product Type: A categorical field that defines the type of product (e.g., Switch Gear, Capacitor, Resistor).
Date of Manufacture: The date the product was manufactured.
Product Category: Classifies the product (e.g., Power Components, Control Devices).
Product Description: A detailed description of the product, including its key features or functions.
2. Test Table
Product ID: A reference to the Product ID from the Product Table.
Test Type: A dropdown or input field to select the type of testing performed (e.g., Electrical Test, Durability Test).
Test Criteria: Input field to describe the criteria for testing (e.g., voltage rating, resistance).
Test Result: A Pass/Fail dropdown or radio button to capture the test outcome.
Remarks: An optional field to enter remarks or observations during the test.
Start Date: The date the test was initiated.
End Date: The date the test was completed.
Functionalities for Each Field
Product Table
Product ID: This will either be pre-filled (auto-generated) when a product is created, or selected when associating a product with a test.
Product Name: Manually entered when adding a new product. This field is displayed in the product list and helps identify products by name.
Product Type: This dropdown allows selection from predefined categories (Switch Gear, Capacitor, Resistor, etc.). This helps organize products by their type.
Date of Manufacture: Manually entered during product creation. Used to track the age of products and for reporting.
Product Category: Another categorical field that groups products based on function or market segment (Power Components, Control Devices).
Product Description: Used for detailed descriptions, this helps explain the purpose, features, or specifications of a product.
Test Table
Product ID: This is a foreign key linking the test to a specific product. It helps retrieve testing records for a product.
Test Type: The admin will select from a list of predefined test types. This field determines what kind of test the product is undergoing.
Test Criteria: This field records the specific conditions under which the product was tested (e.g., load capacity, voltage tolerance).
Test Result: The outcome of the test, either Pass or Fail, which can be recorded using a simple dropdown or radio button.
Remarks: Optional field for testers to input additional information or issues encountered during testing.
Start Date: The date when the testing started. It helps track the time spent in the testing phase.
End Date: The date when the testing was completed, used for calculating testing duration and for reporting purposes.
Database Structure for the Admin Dashboard
Products Table
Column Name	Data Type	Description
id	INT	Primary key, auto-increment.
product_id	VARCHAR(10)	Unique identifier for the product.
product_name	VARCHAR(255)	Name of the product.
product_type	ENUM('Switch Gear', 'Capacitor', 'Resistor', ...)	The type of product.
date_of_manufacture	DATE	The date when the product was manufactured.
product_category	VARCHAR(255)	Product classification.
product_description	TEXT	Detailed description of the product.
created_at	TIMESTAMP	Auto-generated when the product is created.
updated_at	TIMESTAMP	Auto-updated when the product is modified.
Tests Table
Column Name	Data Type	Description
id	INT	Primary key, auto-increment.
test_id	VARCHAR(12)	Unique identifier for the test.
product_id	VARCHAR(10)	Foreign key referencing the product_id.
test_type	ENUM('Electrical Test', 'Durability Test', ...)	Type of test conducted.
test_criteria	TEXT	Description of the test criteria.
test_result	ENUM('Pass', 'Fail')	Result of the test.
remarks	TEXT	Optional remarks about the test.
start_date	DATE	Date the test started.
end_date	DATE	Date the test ended.
created_at	TIMESTAMP	Auto-generated when the test is recorded.
updated_at	TIMESTAMP	Auto-updated when the test is modified.
Conclusion
With this database structure and column functionalities, the admin dashboard will be able to track products through their manufacturing and testing lifecycle.
 By capturing essential details like product type, test criteria, and results, you can effectively manage testing records, generate unique IDs, and provide a clear overview of product status.